Kevin OH how could you Kevin oh I want
to say Oh Kevin - Kevin has been working
on camera tonight Kevin's been working
the Cloverfield shop he's been working
the Cloverfield shop and I want to hand
it to Eric set up this whole multi
camera fill that I think it's been
working good on him they say think ah so
much Eric first should they they don't
want to see behind the scenes as the
after show they can see behind Eric's
working his ass off you guys he's been
doing tests and stuff what do you mean
we picked up while you ring what do you
ring a dingaling
no actually I've been wondering about
something okay ask my question okay GD
minutes already
oh do you have a question Kevin all
right you just sitting there he's not
asking the quads not asking the question
oh you sitting there silently
we're asking you that's the question you
making fun of us all right I'm sorry I
apologize we asked the question heaven
you sit there quietly get to the words
not even and every time we say ask the
question we pause we give you chance and
then you sit there quietly it's a we
start talking and then you start talking
I'm a little dumbstruck I apologize ask
the question
okay okay guys I was wondering if you
ever had like something you say that's
the question get it out immediately I
know you said you were wondering about
something that's not a question I was
wondering about my ass farting whatever
that's not yester seven wonders of the
world open up a fuckin history book ask
the question a day wondering you were
wondering great I was I was lizard
sitter was taking a shit you guys
Dericks getting upset you just know
Kevin asked it cuz there's not really
like making me worried right now all
right
did you guys ever plan to like ever make
something one good movie or something
I'm sorry yeah I just
like I always be like you guys who are
getting their home
you